Digital ScoreSheet

The digital scoresheet should be all white with black font. The left column should have Player and Sub input fields. There should be a dropdown menu in the sub field to indicate which inning the sub enters the game. There should be a green line on the right side of the inning cell after the initial player last at bat to show when the sub goes to their first at bat(this green line has nothing to do with green lines on the diamond to indicate hits and baserunners). It should show 7 innings with an option to add extra innings

In the inning cells there should be a diamond on the left side in the middle. there should be equal distance from the top and bottom of the cell. This will provide room for at bat info. on the right side there should be 3 input fields. the top field should be called Event. In the Event field there should be a dropdown menu to select all possible at bat events. The middle field should be called Out. This is to record how a batter gets out. For example 6-3(Shortstop to firstbase). The bottom field should be called Note. This is to record any additional information about the at bat.

The Event dropdown menu needs to include every possible outcome from an at bat. They should be labelled as follows: a single is 1B, double 2B, triple 3B, homerun HR, walk BB, fielderschoice FC, error E(with another dropdown to select a number 1-10 to inicate who made the error), sacraficefly SF, sacraficehit SH, strikeout K, flyout F, groundout G, lineout L, popout P, doubleplay DP, tripleplay TP, catcherinterference CI. There also needs to be runner advancing bases option. This should be in another dropdown labelled Baserunner. It should have options for 1st to 2nd, 2nd to 3rd, 3rd to home. It should also indicate where a baserunner gets out. Out going to 2nd, out going to 3rd, out going home. There should be an RBI option with another dropdown to select how many(1-4) rbis the hitter gets. if a player gets rbis it should display how many above the diamond. for example, 1RBI, 2RBI, etc

There needs to be green lines indicating where a hitter or baserunner goes. If a batter hits a single, there needs to be a green line going from home to 1st base. A double should show 2 green lines, from home to 1st and from 1st to 2nd base. Same with a triple showing 3 lines, home to 1st, 1st to 2nd, 2nd to 3rd. A homerun should fill in the diamond totally green. Any time a baserunner gets home the diamond should get filled in green too. Also if a baserunner gets out advancing to a base there should be a green line that goes halfway to the base they got out at. For example if a hitter hits into a fielders choice and the baserunner on first gets thrown out going to 2nd, there should be a green line halfway to 2nd base. same goes for getting out going to 3rd and home.

